README.md, before:

# Week-3-Assignment

Week 3 assignment of software development course

Project Description:
A game called cookie clicker where you click the cookie to earn cookies! Spend cookies to buy upgrades either upgrade your clicker power or buy upgrades that get cookies Automatically for you per second. Activate golden cookie time to double your Automatic cookies per second for 15 seconds.

Targets i want to achieve:
Create a settings icon that when hovered over pops up a list of settings.
Make sure local storage works as i was struggling with it previously.
I want to game to load in reasonable time including saved data.
Make further upgrades appear when buying the first level of the previous upgrade.
Add achievements/messages with pop up messages like first 100 cookies! or Insufficient Cookies!
Make it responsive so any device can play.
I want to add in CSS animations.
I want to add a feature where when you click the a small cookie pops out and fades away whilst falling.
I want to add a feature where when activate golden cookie time you cookies per second is x2.

Things i struggled with:
Local storage took me a long time but once id got the hang of it and the first set up done i could add to it easily.
The functionality of showing the next upgrade when getting the previous upgrade to lvl 1.
Adding golden cookie time(mainly the timers running one after another in the right order and time)

Sources i used for help:
Youtube for CSS animations, local storage and scroll boxes.

Things i did well:
Creating the settings container.
Appending the next upgrade when the previous one reaches lvl 1.
Adding achievements and pop up messages.
Making the game responsive.
Added random small cookies to spawn on click and use animations.
Adding sound effects.

Things ive learnt:
Lots of new css like animations and how to make the cursor ignore something.
Improved my local storage and timer skills.
I learnt how to create elements then add them into seperate containers, append them together into one big container to manage everything better.
I learnt how scroll boxes work and how to use CSS with them.

Commit message:

Final push with updated readme

README.md, after:

# Week-3-Assignment

Week 3 assignment of software development course

Project Description:
A game called cookie clicker where you click the cookie to earn cookies! Spend cookies to buy upgrades either upgrade your clicker power or buy upgrades that get cookies Automatically for you per second. Activate golden cookie time to double your Automatic cookies per second for 15 seconds.

Targets i want to achieve:
Create a settings icon that when hovered over pops up a list of settings.
Make sure local storage works as i was struggling with it previously.
I want to game to load in reasonable time including saved data.
Make further upgrades appear when buying the first level of the previous upgrade.
Add achievements/messages with pop up messages like first 100 cookies! or Insufficient Cookies!
Make it responsive so any device can play.
I want to add in CSS animations.
I want to add a feature where when you click the a small cookie pops out and fades away whilst falling.
I want to add a feature where when activate golden cookie time you cookies per second is x2.

Things i struggled with:
Local storage took me a long time but once id got the hang of it and the first set up done i could add to it easily.
Adding golden cookie time(mainly the timers running one after another in the right order and time)

Sources i used for help:
Youtube for CSS animations, local storage and scroll boxes.

Things i did well:
Creating the settings container.
Appending the next upgrade when the previous one reaches lvl 1.
Adding achievements and pop up messages.
Making the game responsive.
Added random small cookies to spawn on click and use animations.
Adding sound effects.
Retrieving the API and breaking it down into parts to implement the upgrades.

Things ive learnt:
Lots of new css like animations and how to make the cursor ignore something.
Improved my local storage and timer skills.
I learnt how to create elements then add them into seperate containers, append them together into one big container to manage everything better.
I learnt how scroll boxes work and how to use CSS with them.

Requested Feedback:
A youtube video on timers and countdowns to help me further understand as the golden cookie timer took me hours to get working if possible.

A youtube video on local storage as i feel i need a recap on the setup after ive got everything setup im fine with adding, clearing and removing its just the initial setup.
